Unive mobile demo

Copyright (c) 2018 Alireza Kurosh Farsi Madan

All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, including photocopying, recording, or other electronic or mechanical methods, without the prior written permission of the publisher, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical reviews and certain other noncommercial uses permitted by copyright law. Also, no part of this document should be taken without a pinch of humour.

This Web site, including all of its features and content (the “Web Site”) is a service made available by ALIREZA KUROSH FARSI MADAN and all information, services and software ordered or provided on or through this Web Site (“Materials”) may be used solely under the following terms and conditions (“Terms of Use”).

LIMITED LICENSE TO USE WEB SITE.

ALIREZA KUROSH FARSI MADAN is pleased to grant you, as a user of this Web Site, a nonexclusive, nontransferable, revocable, limited license to access and use this Web Site and the Materials in accordance with these Terms of Use and any specific terms and conditions that may be posted in connection with particular Materials. In the event of any conflict between these Terms of Use and any such specific terms and conditions applicable to particular Materials, the latter shall govern. ALIREZA KUROSH FARSI MADAN may terminate this license at any time for any reason and, in any such case, any data or information that you provided may be deleted without notice to you.

LIMITATIONS ON USE

The Materials on this Web Site are only for your personal use or, as applicable, for the internal use of your employer, and they are not for commercial exploitation (for example, by resale to others or by republication to the public). Further, you may not decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, rent, lease, loan, sell, sublicense, or create derivative works from this Web Site or from the Materials. Nor may you use any network monitoring or discovery software to determine the site architecture, or extract information about usage, individual identities or users. You may not use any robot, spider, other automatic software or device, or manual process to monitor our Web Site or the Materials without ALIREZA KUROSH FARSI MADAN’s prior written permission; please notify us at kurosh_farsimadan@yahoo.com and we will be pleased to consider your request for special permission. You may not use the Materials in any way that harms ALIREZA KUROSH FARSI MADAN. You may not use the Web Site as a destination linked from any unsolicited bulk or commercial messages (spam). You may not use or otherwise export or re-export this Web Site or any portion thereof, or the Materials in violation of the export control laws and regulations of the United States of America. Any unauthorized use of this Web Site or the Materials is prohibited. You may not use this software in production of weapons of mass destructions such as (but not limited to) biological weapons, chemical weapons, fission bombs, fusion bombs, boosted fission bombs, neutron bombs, napalm bombs, or other bombs of any type.

NOT LEGAL ADVICE

ALIREZA KUROSH FARSI MADAN is neither a lawyer nor a law firm nor a software development company. The Materials are not intended to and do not constitute technical and legal advice; and no business-client relationship is formed between you and ALIREZA KUROSH FARSI MADAN or any ALIREZA KUROSH FARSI MADAN. Nothing submitted to this Web Site is treated as confidential except as provided in the terms and conditions of applicable licensing services or in ALIREZA KUROSH FARSI MADAN’s Privacy Policy. We do not warranty or guarantee the accuracy, completeness, adequacy or currency of the Materials. Your use of the Materials on this Web Site or of any materials linked to from this Web Site is at your own risk.

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS

Nothing in these Terms of Use or in the terms and conditions relating to any applicable ALIREZA KUROSH FARSI MADAN licensing or other service should be construed as conferring upon you any copyright or other intellectual property license or right (whether by implication, estoppel or otherwise), unless we have expressly said so. You agree that the Materials and the Web Site are protected by applicable copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents or other proprietary rights and laws, all of which belong to ALIREZA KUROSH FARSI MADAN or its licensors.

LINKING TO THIS WEB SITE

You are welcome to provide links to the pages of this Web Site provided that (a) you do not remove or obscure, by framing or otherwise, any portion of the page that you are linking to, the terms of use, the copyright notice, or other notices on this Web Site, and (b) you discontinue providing links to this Web Site if requested by ALIREZA KUROSH FARSI MADAN.

LICENSE OF YOUR OWN MATERIALS FOR USE ON THIS WEB SITE AND THIRD PARTY SITES

By uploading content to or submitting any materials for use on this Web Site (other than for licensing through an applicable ALIREZA KUROSH FARSI MADAN licensing service, which arrangement must be made by separate agreement), you do not convey any ownership in those materials to ALIREZA KUROSH FARSI MADAN but you grant (and promise that you are entitled to grant) to ALIREZA KUROSH FARSI MADAN a perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free, irrevocable, non-exclusive right and license (with right to sublicense) to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, publicly perform, publicly display, digitally display and digitally perform, translate, create derivative works from and distribute those materials or incorporate those materials into any form, medium, or technology now known or later developed throughout the universe, provided that ALIREZA KUROSH FARSI MADAN and its sublicensees use such materials in a manner consistent with ALIREZA KUROSH FARSI MADAN’s general business. In addition to the foregoing, you acknowledge that the terms of any third party Web site accessible through this Web Site may require you to grant similar licenses to the owner of such site or to other third parties as a condition of using such third party site and you acknowledge that ALIREZA KUROSH FARSI MADAN has no responsibility for and assumes no liability whatsoever in connection with your use of any such site or the use of your materials by any such third party. Without limiting the foregoing, you acknowledge that any user-generated content you submit through Google Book Search APIs made available on this Web Site may be made publicly available by Google, including, without limitation, comments, book reviews, links to users’ accounts and the display of your user name or nickname. You agree that you shall have no recourse against ALIREZA KUROSH FARSI MADAN for any alleged or actual infringement, misappropriation or other violation of any proprietary right in your communications to us or any other materials or content you upload or submit to this Web Site or to any third party Web site.

NO SOLICITATION

You agree that you will not distribute on or through this Web Site any content or material containing any advertising, promotion, solicitation for goods, services or funds or solicitation for others to become members of any enterprise or organization without the express written permission of ALIREZA KUROSH FARSI MADAN. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in any interactive areas of this Web Site, where appropriate (a) you may list your name, address and email address, and your own Web site’s URL, and (b) you may recommend third party Web sites, goods or services so long as you have no financial interest in and receive no direct or indirect benefit from such recommended Web site, product or service or its recommendation. In no event may any person or entity solicit anyone with data retrieved from this Web Site.

REGISTRATION

Certain sections of this Web Site require you to register. If registration is requested, you agree to provide ALIREZA KUROSH FARSI MADAN with accurate and complete registration information. It is your responsibility to inform ALIREZA KUROSH FARSI MADAN of any changes to that information. Each registration is for a single individual only, unless you specifically tell us otherwise on the registration page or if a particular ALIREZA KUROSH FARSI MADAN licensing service authorizes the sharing of individual registrations. You are responsible for preventing unauthorized use of your registration (for example, by keeping passwords confidential). If you believe there has been unauthorized use, please notify ALIREZA KUROSH FARSI MADAN immediately at kurosh_farsimadan@yahoo.com.

POSTINGS IN INTERACTIVE AREAS OF THE WEB SITE

Postings to be Lawful. If you participate in interactive areas on this Web Site, you agree not to post, publish, upload or distribute any messages, data, information, text, graphics, links or other material (“Postings”) which is unlawful or abusive in any way, including but not limited to any Postings that are defamatory, libelous, pornographic, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, inclusive of hate speech, or would constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party, or give rise to liability or violate any local, state, federal or international law, the regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or any rules of any securities exchange such as the New York Stock Exchange, the American Stock Exchange, or the NASDAQ, either intentionally or unintentionally. ALIREZA KUROSH FARSI MADAN may delete your Posting at any time for any reason without permission from you. Postings to be in Your Name. You must sign your Postings with your real name; anonymous Postings will be removed by ALIREZA KUROSH FARSI MADAN and will not be edited or modified. In your postings, you agree not to misrepresent your identity or your affiliation with any person or entity. No Monitoring of Postings. ALIREZA KUROSH FARSI MADAN has no obligation to, nor does it intend to, edit, monitor or screen Postings, and ALIREZA KUROSH FARSI MADAN is not responsible for the content in such Postings or any content linked to or from such Postings. Notwithstanding the foregoing, ALIREZA KUROSH FARSI MADAN reserves the right to examine from time to time, some, all, or no interactive areas for adherence to these Terms of Use and to remove any materials that may be objectionable or violate these Terms of Use. Non-Commercial Use Only of Interactive Areas. Any interactive area of this Web Site is provided solely for your personal use. As a participant, you agree not to include in your Posting(s) or otherwise distribute on or through this Web Site any content or material containing any advertising, promotion, solicitation for goods, services or funds or solicitation for anyone to become members of any commercial enterprise or organization without the express written permission of ALIREZA KUROSH FARSI MADAN. Any unauthorized use of any interactive area of this Web Site, the Materials or any Postings is expressly prohibited.

ERRORS AND CORRECTIONS

ALIREZA KUROSH FARSI MADAN does not promise that this Web Site or the Materials are or will be error-free, or free of viruses or other harmful components, that defects will be corrected or that it or they will always be accessible. ALIREZA KUROSH FARSI MADAN does not promise that the Materials are or will be correct, accurate, timely, or otherwise reliable. ALIREZA KUROSH FARSI MADAN may make improvements and/or changes to its features, functionality or Materials at any time.

THIRD PARTY CONTENT

Third party content may appear on this Web Site or may be accessible by way of links from this Web Site. ALIREZA KUROSH FARSI MADAN is not responsible for and assumes no liability for any infringement, mistakes, misstatements of law, defamation, slander, libel, omissions, falsehood, obscenity, pornography or profanity in the statements, opinions, representations or anything else contained in, or for any other injury or damage caused by, any third party content appearing on this Web Site or accessible through it. You understand that the information and opinions in the third party content are not endorsed by, and do not necessarily reflect the opinions or beliefs of, ALIREZA KUROSH FARSI MADAN or any of its employees, directors or other representatives.

ATTORNEY ETHICS NOTICE

If you are an attorney or software engineer participating in any aspect of this Web Site, including but not limited to message boards, chat rooms or email forums, you acknowledge that the Rules of Professional Conduct of the jurisdictions where you are licensed (“Rules”) apply to all aspects of your participation and you agree that you will abide by those Rules. Those Rules include, but are not limited to, the rules relating to advertising, solicitation of clients, unauthorized practice of law and misrepresentations of fact. ALIREZA KUROSH FARSI MADAN disclaims all responsibility for your compliance with those Rules. You further agree and acknowledge that, when you participate in any chat area on this Web Site, including but not limited to the message boards, you will not offer legal advice, but will only provide general information.

DISCLAIMER

THIS WEB SITE AND THE MATERIALS ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS, AS AVAILABLE, WITH ALL FAULTS” BASIS. ALIREZA KUROSH FARSI MADAN EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, INCLUDING THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WORKMAN-LIKE EFFORT AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. ALIREZA KUROSH FARSI MADAN DISCLAIMS ALL RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY LOSS, INJURY, CLAIM, LIABILITY OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND RESULTING FROM, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO (a) ANY ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS FROM THIS WEB SITE OR THE MATERIALS, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO TECHNICAL INACCURACIES AND TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS, (b) ANY THIRD PARTY WEB SITES, OR ANY CONTENT THEREIN, THAT ARE ACCESSED DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY THROUGH LINKS IN THIS WEB SITE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS THEREFROM, (c) THE UNAVAILABILITY OF THIS WEB SITE, THE MATERIALS, OR ANY PORTION THEREOF, (d) YOUR USE OF THIS WEB SITE OR THE MATERIALS, OR (e) YOUR USE OF ANY EQUIPMENT OR SOFTWARE IN CONNECTION WITH THIS WEB SITE OR THE MATERIALS. YOU MAY HAVE ADDITIONAL CONSUMER RIGHTS UNDER YOUR LOCAL LAWS WHICH THESE TERMS OF USE DO NOT CHANGE.

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

ALIREZA KUROSH FARSI MADAN IS NOT LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INJURY, CLAIM, LIABILITY OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND RESULTING FROM YOUR USE OF THIS WEB SITE, THE MATERIALS, THE INTERACTIVE AREAS OF THIS WEB SITE OR ANY FACTS OR OPINIONS APPEARING ON OR THROUGH AN INTERACTIVE AREA. ALIREZA KUROSH FARSI MADAN IS NOT LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ATTORNEYS’ FEES) IN ANY WAY DUE TO, RESULTING FROM OR ARISING IN CONNECTION WITH (a) THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THIS WEB SITE OR THE MATERIALS, (b) ANY MATERIALS ON THIRD PARTY WEB SITES, (c) ANY VIRUSES OR OTHER DISABLING FEATURES THAT AFFECT YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF THE SERVICE, (d) ANY INCOMPATIBILITY BETWEEN THIS WEB SITE AND THE MATERIALS ON THE ONE HAND AND ANY OTHER SERVICE, SOFTWARE OR HARDWARE ON THE OTHER HAND, (e) ANY DELAYS OR FAILURES YOU MAY HAVE IN INITIATING, CONDUCTING OR COMPLETING ANY TRANSMISSIONS OR TRANSACTIONS WITH ALIREZA KUROSH FARSI MADAN OR ANY OTHER PERSON IN AN ACCURATE OR TIMELY MANNER, OR (f) ANY CLAIMS FOR BREACH OF CONTRACT, BREACH OF WARRANTY, GUARANTEE OR CONDITION, STRICT LIABILITY, NEGLIGENCE OR ANY OTHER TORT, ALL REGARDLESS OF WHETHER THIS REMEDY FULLY COMPENSATES YOU FOR ANY LOSSES OR WHETHER ALIREZA KUROSH FARSI MADAN KNEW OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN ABOUT THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGES. TO THE EXTENT THE FOREGOING LIMITATION OF LIABILITY IS PROHIBITED OR FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE, ALIREZA KUROSH FARSI MADAN’S SOLE OBLIGATION TO YOU FOR DAMAGES SHALL BE LIMITED TO US$100.000.00. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR OTHER DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. YOU AGREE THAT ANY CLAIM RELATED TO THESE TERMS OF USE MAY NOT BE BROUGHT MORE THAN ONE YEAR AFTER THE EARLIEST TIME THAT SUCH CLAIM MAY ACCRUE, AFTER WHICH TIME SUCH CLAIM IS PERMANENTLY BARRED, WHETHER MADE BY YOU OR BY YOUR LAWFUL SUCCESSORS.

INDEMNIFICATION

You hereby indemnify and agree to defend and hold harmless ALIREZA KUROSH FARSI MADAN, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers, its participating copyright rightsholders and users, and any third party information providers to this Web Site from and against all claims, losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, resulting from any violation of these Terms of Use, or any other applicable ALIREZA KUROSH FARSI MADAN terms and conditions, by you.

THIRD PARTY RIGHTS

The provisions of paragraphs 13 (Disclaimer), 14 (Limitation of Liability), and 15 (Indemnification) are for the benefit of ALIREZA KUROSH FARSI MADAN and of each of the other persons listed in paragraph 15. You agree that each of these individuals or entities has the right to assert and enforce those provisions directly against you on his, her or its own behalf.

UNLAWFUL ACTIVITY

ALIREZA KUROSH FARSI MADAN reserves the right to investigate complaints or reported violations of our Terms of Use or other applicable terms and conditions, and to take any action we deem appropriate, including but not limited to reporting any suspected unlawful activity to law enforcement officials, regulators or other third parties and disclosing any information necessary or appropriate to such persons or entities relating to user profiles, e-mail addresses, usage history, posted materials, IP addresses and traffic information.

REMEDIES FOR VIOLATIONS

ALIREZA KUROSH FARSI MADAN reserves the right to seek all remedies available at law and in equity for violations of these Terms of Use or any other applicable terms and conditions, including but not limited to the right to block access from a particular Internet address to this Web Site and any other ALIREZA KUROSH FARSI MADAN Web sites and their features.

GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION

By visiting this site and its content, you agree that the laws of the all states in all countries that have international copyright laws, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Terms of Use and any dispute between you and ALIREZA KUROSH FARSI MADAN. Further, you agree that jurisdiction over any action arising out of or relating to these terms is exclusively in the state or federal courts located in New York County, New York, USA, and you hereby consent and submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purpose of litigating any such action.

ADDITIONAL TERMS

Privacy Policy. Your use of this Web Site is subject to ALIREZA KUROSH FARSI MADAN’s Privacy Policy. Terms of ALIREZA KUROSH FARSI MADAN’s Licensing and Other Services. Your use of any ALIREZA KUROSH FARSI MADAN licensing or other service is also governed by the terms and conditions that apply to that service (including any applicable special rightsholder terms and conditions, the prices for intellectual property licenses obtained by you, and any applicable billing and payment terms). Each set of terms and conditions is available to you in the course of conducting any transactions under that licensing service (and afterwards as part of the record of those transactions), and all of those terms and conditions are incorporated into these Terms of Use by this reference.

SEVERABILITY OF PROVISIONS

These Terms of Use incorporate by reference any notices contained on this Web Site, ALIREZA KUROSH FARSI MADAN’s Privacy Policy and the terms and conditions applicable to each of ALIREZA KUROSH FARSI MADAN’s licensing or other services. Altogether they constitute the entire agreement between you and ALIREZA KUROSH FARSI MADAN with respect to access to and use of this Web Site and the Materials. If any provision of these Terms of Use is unlawful, void or unenforceable, or conflicts with specific ALIREZA KUROSH FARSI MADAN licensing or other service terms and conditions that are applicable to the circumstances, then that provision of these Terms of Use shall be deemed severable from the remaining provisions and shall not affect the latter’s validity or enforceability.

MODIFICATIONS TO TERMS OF USE

ALIREZA KUROSH FARSI MADAN may make changes to these Terms of Use at any time.
